A work in progress quickly becomes feral. It reverts to a wild state
overnight. It is barely domesticated, a mustang on which you one day
fastened a halter but which now you cannot catch. It is a lion you cage
in your study. As the work grows, it gets harder to control; it is a
lion growing in strength. You must visit it every day and reassert your
mastery over it. If you skip a day, you are, quite rightly, afraid to
open the door to its room. You enter its room with bravura, holding a
chair at the thing and shouting,'Simba!' \#Annie Dillard \#writing

Do not worry. You have always written before and you will write now. All
you have to do is write one true sentence. Write the truest sentence
that you know. So, finally I would write one true sentence and go on
from there. It was easy then because there was always one true sentence
that I knew or had seen or had heard someone say. If I started to write
elaborately, or like someone introducing or presenting something, I
found that I could cut that scrollwork or ornament out and throw it away
and start with the first true simple declarative sentence I had written.
\#Ernest Hemingway \#writing

Had my credentials been in order I would never have become a writer. Had
I been blessed with even limited access to my own mind there would have
been no reason to write. I write entirely to find out what I'm thinking,
what I'm looking at, what I see and what it means. What I want and what
I fear. Why did the oil refineries around Carquinez Strait seem sinister
to me in the summer of 1956? Why have the night lights in the Bevatron
burned in my mind for twenty years? What is going on in these pictures
in my mind? \#Joan Didion \#writing

Go into yourself. Look for the reason that is making you write; see
whether it has put down roots in the deepest place in your heart; admit,
in all honesty, whether or not you would die if you weren't allowed to
write. This above all: Ask yourself, in your night's quietest moment, Do
I have to write? Dig deep down into yourself for the answer. And if it
is yes, if you can meet this solemn question with a strong and simple 'I
must', then build your life around that necessity. Your whole life, down
to its most trivial, indifferent moments, must be a sign of this need, a
testament to it. \#Rainer Maria Rilke \#writing

When she was 25 and had moved to New York City to pursue a career as a
writer, Elizabeth Gilbert saw a woman in her neighborhood who seemed to
be living her dream life: one of creativity that was not taken up by
other day jobs.`<br>`{=html}`<br>`{=html}One night, Gilbert saw her at a
party, where the woman politely asked how her writing was going. Gilbert
responded: not very well. The woman asked why. Gilbert said she had too
much work, and was busy with a boyfriend, and her roommates were very
distracting. In short, she didn't have time, and she didn't have
privacy.`<br>`{=html}`<br>`{=html}At the end, she asked me the single
most important question anybody has ever asked me in my entire life. I
can honestly tell you my life hinged on that question," Gilbert
recalled. It was: "What are you willing to give up to have the life you
keep pretending you want? \#Elizabeth Gilbert \#writing \#life

We have to look at our own inertia, insecurities, self-hate, fear that,
in truth, we have nothing valuable to say. It is true that when we begin
anything new, resistances fly in our face. Now you have the opportunity
to not run or be tossed away, but to look at them black and white on
paper and see what their silly voices say. When your writing blooms out
of the back of this garbage and compost, it is very stable. You are not
running from anything. You can have a sense of artistic security. If you
are not afraid of the voices inside you, you will not fear the critics
outside you. \#Natalie Goldberg \#writing

We aren't solitary creatures, we don't exist in isolation, and we don't
have to be solo artists. Each of us has a voice, and those voices, when
combined, can form a chorus of thought, of feeling, even of love that
has the potential to change the world. Every writer, in their own small
way, can play a part in a larger anthem. It may be harmonious or
discordant. It may convey hope or despair. It may evoke joy or sadness.
But the more voices that are added, the more powerful, the more
significant and, ideally, the more beautiful the song becomes. \#Donald
R. Frederico \#writing \#voice

Every day we slaughter our finest impulses. That is why we get a
heartache when we read those lines written by the hand of a master and
recognize them as our own, as the tender shoots which we stifled because
we lacked the faith to believe in our own powers, our own criterion of
truth and beauty. Every man, when he gets quiet, when he becomes
desperately honest with himself, is capable of uttering profound truths.
We all derive from the same source. There is no mystery about the origin
of things. We are all part of creation, all kings, all poets, all
musicians; we have only to open up, only to discover what is already
there. \#Henry Miller \#writing \#source \#essence \#genius \#creativity

You own everything that happened to you. Tell your stories. If people
wanted you to write warmly about them, they should have behaved better.
\#Anne Lamott \#writing

What an astonishing thing a book is. It's a flat object made from a tree
with flexible parts on which are imprinted lots of funny dark squiggles.
But one glance at it and you're inside the mind of another person, maybe
somebody dead for thousands of years. Across the millennia, an author is
speaking clearly and silently inside your head, directly to you. Writing
is perhaps the greatest of human inventions, binding together people who
never knew each other, citizens of distant epochs. Books break the
shackles of time. A book is proof that humans are capable of working
magic. \#Carl Sagan \#magic \#writing

A scrupulous writer, in every sentence that he writes, will ask himself
at least four questions, thus: 1. What am I trying to say? 2. What words
will express it? 3. What image or idiom will make it clearer? 4. Is this
image fresh enough to have an effect? \#George Orwell \#writing

I encourage you to follow your heart in writing. If you follow your
heart, if you do what you love, if you get to the place,\[where you
succeed in starting from the beginning of the novel and getting to the
end of the novel, then you're doing the best you can. You're living in
the best moment of your life. What comes later, is what comes later ...
But before doing any of that you have to follow your heart inside of
writing and you have to do it every day. \#Walter Mosely \#writing

I think there are two types of writers, the architects and the
gardeners. The architects plan everything ahead of time, like an
architect building a house. They know how many rooms are going to be in
the house, what kind of roof they're going to have, where the wires are
going to run, what kind of plumbing there's going to be. They have the
whole thing designed and blueprinted out before they even nail the first
board up. The gardeners dig a hole, drop in a seed and water it. They
kind of know what seed it is, they know if planted a fantasy seed or
mystery seed or whatever. But as the plant comes up and they water it,
they don't know how many branches it's going to have, they find out as
it grows. And I'm much more a gardener than an architect. \#GRR Martin
\#writing

Whenever it feels as if you're writing in a vacuum, remember that what
you do matters. Every act of creation brings hope... A story - the right
kind of story - can reach across continents. A story can change the
course of a life. The right words, in the right order, can accomplish
anything...`<br>`{=html}`<br>`{=html}Remember that just writing is an
act of bravery. You have the courage to do what it takes to give your
voice the chance to be heard. Don't do it because you want to be the
next Maya Angelou or Margaret Atwood. Those are already taken. Do it
because your voice is unique. Only you can take this chance. No one else
will ever be you, or tell your story the way you can. So writers, write:
with joy and love. You may not all take your stories as far as you'd
like to take them. But write them, and send them into the world like
dandelion seeds on the wind, because love and joy exist to be shared,
and maybe, one day, they'll come back to you. \#Joanne Harris \#writing

What is written without effort is in general read without pleasure.
\#Samuel Johnson \#writing \#reading

This is a new thought \#writing \#essence https://bla.com

I write articles twice a week in batches, on Mondays and Thursdays. I
edit on Tuesdays and Fridays. I begin writing my newsletter on Friday
and finish it on Sunday evenings. Wednesday is either for resting or for
writing anything else than articles (ebooks and other projects).
Saturday's off-limits. \#writing
