---
kindle-sync:
  bookId: '9563'
  title: >-
    Do Less: A Revolutionary Approach to Time and Energy Management for
    Ambitious Women
  author: Kate Northrup
  asin: B07FC5JHX1
  lastAnnotatedDate: '2022-05-16'
  bookImageUrl: 'https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/61OK44uIRRL._SY160.jpg'
  highlightsCount: 4
---
# Do Less
## Metadata
* Author: [Kate Northrup](https://www.amazon.com/Kate-Northrup/e/B00E6B20FW/ref=dp_byline_cont_ebooks_1)
* ASIN: B07FC5JHX1
* ISBN: 1401954987
* Reference: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07FC5JHX1
* [Kindle link](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07FC5JHX1)

## Highlights
Follicular/waxing crescent: Planning, brainstorming, and new beginnings Ovulation/full moon: Communicating, collaborating, attracting, being out there Luteal/waning crescent: Focus, details, finishing projects, putting in the work Menstrual/new moon: Rest, reflection, and evaluation — location: [1130](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07FC5JHX1&location=1130) ^ref-5242

---
Step One: Draw a line lengthwise down the center of a piece of paper. Step Two: On the left side, write down all of the activities/tasks that you do at work. Be as specific as possible. Step Three: On the right side, write down your biggest career wins to date. Step Four: Draw a line connecting each of your biggest career wins to the activity/task that was most responsible for it happening. Step Five: Circle, underline, or otherwise highlight the activities/tasks on the left side of your paper that have been responsible for your big wins. These are your 20 percent, or vital few. — location: [1418](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07FC5JHX1&location=1418) ^ref-43273

---
Body: How’s your energy this week? What phase of your cycle are you in? Mind: What are your top three priorities for the week? Heart: How do you feel? How do you want to feel? Cosmos: What’s going on with the moon, stars, and planets that might impact you this week? — location: [2518](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07FC5JHX1&location=2518) ^ref-2391

---
Does this need to be done? Does this need to be done by me? Does this need to be done right now? — location: [2586](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07FC5JHX1&location=2586) ^ref-31626

---
