---
kindle-sync:
  bookId: '36026'
  title: >-
    Greenlights: Raucous stories and outlaw wisdom from the Academy
    Award-winning actor
  author: Matthew McConaughey
  asin: B08DFKSZDF
  lastAnnotatedDate: '2022-05-23'
  bookImageUrl: 'https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81xawN-5R1L._SY160.jpg'
  highlightsCount: 6
---
# Greenlights
## Metadata
* Author: [Matthew McConaughey](https://www.amazon.com/Matthew-McConaughey/e/B08DWC79J4/ref=dp_byline_cont_ebooks_1)
* ASIN: B08DFKSZDF
* Reference: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08DFKSZDF
* [Kindle link](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B08DFKSZDF)

## Highlights
It was a year that shaped who I am today. A year when I found myself because I was forced to. — location: [1016](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B08DFKSZDF&location=1016) ^ref-2749

---
And while I was going crazy, I kept telling myself that there was a lesson I was put there to learn, that there was a silver lining in all of it, that I needed to go through hell to get to the other side, and I did. We cannot fully appreciate the light without the shadows. We have to be thrown off balance to find our footing. It’s better to jump than fall. And here I am. — location: [1022](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B08DFKSZDF&location=1022) ^ref-52819

---
Losing my father, like it is for many, was my most seminal rite of passage — location: [1303](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B08DFKSZDF&location=1303) ^ref-46274

---
The sooner we become less impressed with our life, our accomplishments, our career, our relationships, the prospects in front of us—the sooner we become less impressed and more involved with these things—the sooner we get better at them. We must be more than just happy to be here. — location: [1308](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B08DFKSZDF&location=1308) ^ref-6662

---
“Don’t walk in there like you want the role, Matthew, walk in there like you own it!” — location: [1632](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B08DFKSZDF&location=1632) ^ref-1633

---
“It’s gonna be dry weather for a while, honey,” she said. “Who knows how long it will last. It’s going to be hard. I know you’re gonna get antsy, I know you’re gonna get wobbly, I know you’re gonna drink more, but . . . If we’re gonna do this, if we’re gonna commit to this change, then we’re gonna do it all the way. No half-assin it. Deal?” — location: [2705](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B08DFKSZDF&location=2705) ^ref-62312

---
