---
kindle-sync:
  bookId: '4448'
  title: 'Help: A Survival Guide For Life'
  author: Katie Hopkins
  asin: B09MSNL4GS
  lastAnnotatedDate: '2022-12-30'
  bookImageUrl: 'https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/91emo+tZixL._SY160.jpg'
  highlightsCount: 8
---
# Help
## Metadata
* Author: [Katie Hopkins](https://www.amazon.com/Katie-Hopkins/e/B074CKLWDV/ref=dp_byline_cont_ebooks_1)
* ASIN: B09MSNL4GS
* Reference: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B09MSNL4GS
* [Kindle link](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B09MSNL4GS)

## Highlights
I believe Covid is a weaponized virus manufactured by humans in a lab in Wuhan, China and deliberately released to usher in the Global Reset. I believe that leaders across the world were required to comply with this program. And, in return for being complicit in the destruction of our democracies, our economies, and our ways of life, they have been guaranteed a seat at the table of the New World Order government and financial provisions for themselves and their enablers to make this transition. More personally, those in power have been acting as insider-traders on the vaccine market that they are foisting on their populations, and they will be rewarded financially beyond their wildest imaginations. And their families will become the most powerful ones on the planet in the centuries to come. — location: [285](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B09MSNL4GS&location=285) ^ref-25430

---
the only possible way to explain why so many uniquely different governments have seemed to march in lockstep, as if working from a common guidebook that none of the rest of us can see. — location: [296](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B09MSNL4GS&location=296) ^ref-11709

---
our very best defense is to live each day just as free as we can be. — location: [438](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B09MSNL4GS&location=438) ^ref-4844

---
you have to see yourself as a free individual, blessed with the God-given rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. — location: [2784](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B09MSNL4GS&location=2784) ^ref-3256

---
understanding that you are born free is the only starting point that makes any sense. — location: [2786](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B09MSNL4GS&location=2786) ^ref-60857

---
being comfortable with yourself is completely within your purview (this is a great word) and one of the most powerful tools you have. — location: [2855](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B09MSNL4GS&location=2855) ^ref-42878

---
The question is not ‘What am I allowed to do?’ but rather ‘My freedom is my God-given right; how do I remove the thing standing in my way?’ — location: [3048](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B09MSNL4GS&location=3048) ^ref-8572

---
if you try to throw yourself to the wind a little more every day, and really throw your arms around the best bits of it, your path will become clearer and your journey a whole lot more special. — location: [3053](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B09MSNL4GS&location=3053) ^ref-6308

---
