As you step from one year to the next, there is a sense of renewed determination within your heart and soul to make the year ahead one that sees some powerful change and shifts in your life. Although you have already done a great deal of ‘work’ on yourself, and you have a clearer sense of your true needs and priorities, you seem ready now to re-shape and re-define your approach to life in order to inject some more creativity and innovation into the process of how to live your best life. Your tendency to give so much of yourself to others has seen you lose a little part of your identity over recent years, and you have ‘parked’ your own needs for the sake of others, and whilst you will always be a giving soul, you have now realised the need to give to yourself as well. This is a significant and important shift for you as it’s a sign you are recognising and honouring your own needs. Yay!

You have spent a great deal of time keeping on keeping on in life, trying to get from where you are to where you think you need to be. However, now you are beginning to shift towards living a more balanced life (in terms of giving and over-giving of yourself), you are starting to feel the fire within re-igniting with passion and motivation. As a result, you are starting to see how you can bring together the many different facets of your being into a more cohesive whole. Although you will always try to be everything to everyone, you have realised the importance of being everything to yourself; compassion starts from within. The more in tune you are with yourself, the more able you are to not only live your best life, but to be the support and rock to others that brings you so much joy…