I take photographs to remember. Photographs remind me of funny moments or something of my everyday. They show the evolution of my life, how far I’ve come, the phases I’ve gone through and tell the story of where I’ve been.

Often it’s the tiny details that make the most impact - like my Mum ironing or my Dad pottering in his shed.

I suggest photography as a way to connect with your essence and creativity because it’s accessible to most people - all you need is a mobile phone.

Try some of these.

-   Take 100 photos in 10 minutes. (Sounds impossible? Tip: take several shots of the same thing but change the angle, the perspective, the composition. Shoot from high up or low down. Focus on a tiny detail or the bigger picture).
    
-   Photograph the same subject for a week. It might be a tree or a plant, an animal, an inanimate object. (Tip: try photographing your subject at a different time of day, close up or further away).
    
-   Take photographs without a camera. When you’re out and about, see the world in photographs. When I’m driving I often see amazing trees, backlit with sunlight and I wish I could stop and photograph them. Instead I mentally take the photograph in my head!
    
-   Be part of a hashtag. Find a hashtag that appeals to you and take photographs that fit.
    
-   Photograph tiny details. Get up close to brick walls, grungy doors, stick your head in hedgerows. Find the things that most people miss. (Tip: look for flaky paint, moss or lichen, colour changes).
    
-   Branch out. Photograph objects that wouldn’t normally interest you. It might be cars, trains, buildings, nature. Find an element of those that appeal to you - it might be small details or a colour.