“We are a very advanced civilization and we possess terraforming technologies that can clean up the mess created on Earth within a very short period of time. This however would cause humanity to miss the lesson of responsibility. The human species need to learn how to respect and honour their planet that has provided for them since the inception of time. She has sacrificed herself by allowing her consciousness to vibrate at a lower 3D frequency to unconditionally hold space for humanity as they needed time to evolve. However she has sacrificed enough now and her wish is now to move forward in her ascension to a 5D frequency of heavenly bliss. This means that those who disrespect the planet with their vibrations of greed and selfishness will no longer be able to live on this planet moving forward. 

Gaya is tuning in currently to the 5th dimension of consciousness the same way you tune your radio dial to change the station. In this case the radio dial is the rotational axis of earth. The Pleiadians are currently in the process of changing the rotational axis of Earth so that she can be Dailed into the 5th dimension within the space time continuum that your planet occupies. By changing the axis rotation, we can change the electromagnetic signature emitted by the planet which in turn tunes the planet and its inhabitants into a higher dimension of existence. The majority of the population will not be consciously aware of what is taking place, but these changes are very significant and very real. Those with their third eyes open are able to see these dimensional changes in consciousness in the events currently unfolding on Earth. 

The way humanity desecrates their planet, is the same way they desecrate their own bodies. As within so without. If you don’t respect your own bodies, how can you be expected to respect your planet? You see your bodies are a reflection of the planet as a whole. You are made up of the matter of Earth, therefore you are inseparable from Earth, the same way an infant is inseparable from the Mother. It is a sacred bond that cannot be broken. When you desecrate your bodies by eating harmful foods that contain toxins, you are diminishing your life force. Honour your body as if it is a gift of god entrusted in your care. Take care of your bodies by giving them plenty of sunshine, healthy foods, plentiful clean water and exercise. Your body is the vehicle through which you will ascend.

Learn how to respect your planet and create your existence in a way that is sustainable and harmonious to the cycles of this planet. You will receive immense rewards of heavenly bliss as you fine tune your ways to a new way of living that honours the land and all life within it.

We love you immensely and we thank you for allowing us to share our knowledge and wisdom with you”