One of the most disturbing aspects of social and political life in recent years has been the sudden conversion of many individuals and some groups to ideas and beliefs that stand directly contrary to what they previously espoused. Many of us have been stunned by radical reversals on the part of friends, colleagues or family members and most are shocked as political and social groups abandon what were once firmly held beliefs and core convictions.

In addition to the issue of confounding conversions, there is the puzzling willingness of both individuals and groups to accept and distribute disinformation and “big lies.” Unfortunately, the growing problem of spreading outright lies and falsehoods cannot be reduced to a lack of better information. It turns out that exposure to correct information does not reliably inspire accurate beliefs in the minds of most people.

Something much deeper is going on and social scientists now consider that the loss of both collective integrity and personal identity arises from underlying societal insecurities and psychological forces. The rapid spread of extreme ideas, false beliefs and conspiracy theories derives from deep human needs and fears that become intensified during periods of uncertainty and radical change.

It turns out that in times of conflict and social disruption, people will more readily abandon the difficult search for truth in favor of the type of security found by identifying with a group. This is true even if the sense of security is ultimately false and depends upon accepting and spreading untruths. The impulse to be part of a group can override any appeals to being rational or factual or truthful.

For many, the growing levels of collective anxiety and insecurity trigger an almost desperate need to feel part of a protective and self-defining group. It is this felt need for a sense of group security that sets up the willingness to accept reassuring information of any kind, whether it is true or not. Beyond that, a person sharing misinformation to like-minded people attracts more attention on social media. Feeling immediately rewarded by “clicks and likes” online encourages the spread of more false information.

This process, that social scientists call “in-grouping,” involves a double whammy when it comes to issues of truth and meaning. First, there is the increasing belief that a person's “social identity” can provide, not just feelings of belonging, but also a sense of being on the “right side” of cultural divisions. Secondly, this exaggerated sense of social identity becomes, not just a source of personal empowerment, but also the basis for feelings of self- righteousness and superiority. 

The first move is to project one’s sense of personal identity onto some outer ideological group, political party or supposed leader. And the second move is to blame some other group for all the troubles and dilemmas that plague contemporary life. Once the sense of belonging becomes closely tied to the idea of radically polarized groups, people switch into identity-based conflict mode. They become hungry for any information, true or false, that affirms the sense of us versus them, with _us_ self-identifying as superior.

#michaelmeade #essence