Hey friends,

The year is nearly over, and I don't want to dwell on angry or sad things. Poorna Bell, author and journalist, said something lovely on Twitter the other day, about how instead of allowing herself to be consumed by rage, she wrote a list of all the things she'd achieved in the last nine months. "I promise it will make you feel even the slightest bit better." 

So I made myself a list, just a little one. In 2020: we survived homeschool. We started eating dinner as a family and spending more time, better time, with the kids. We somehow managed to move house. I dealt with my "feelings" about it. I started calling my mum more regularly. We successfully weaned the boys off their iPads and started going for long, long walks. I realised how walks are not that boring. I reconnected with an old university friend. I read a lot of books. I managed to write two. I dragged myself out of bed and kept up with my trainer Dan's routines and did burpees and suitcase lunges, and whatever the hell else he makes me do, pretty much all year. We stayed safe and healthy, thank God.

There was a lot I didn't do, too. I did hardly any journalism, and stopped pitching for pieces. I said no to work things that felt like, well, a waste of effort and energy and stopped dwelling on them as missed opportunities. I only wrote like, what, four email letters to you guys. I completely failed to blog. If I'm honest, I've cooked the same handful of meals on rotation every single week and spent my evenings watching way too much TV. I said no to meeting up in lockdown-lifted times because it didn't feel necessary or worth the risk, even if it maybe annoyed a couple of relatives. I didn't call many people, because I am not good talking on the phone, but stuck to writing to them instead. When that same university friend I reconnected with earlier in the year didn't keep in touch after all for very long, I accepted it for what it was and didn't keep on trying and was able to let it go. What I've realised this year, better late than never, is that I don't want to do things because I feel like I ought to, or I should, anymore. As someone who has people-pleased my whole life, this is quite a big turning point. I'm still sort-of guilt-tripping myself into things, but definitely less than before. I am beginning to feel lighter for it.

So, what I'm saying is, write your lists. They don't even have to be anything to do with work. The wind changed this year in ways frightful and vast but also indiscernible and delicate. It is worth taking a moment, to realise how far we've all come.

\*

I don't know if you'll necessarily know, but I had some good news announced last week - my short story collection Things We Do Not Tell The People We Love ended up in an auction and will be published in November 2021, and then my novel, the one I've been working on, will be published after that. I'm always self-conscious of sharing these things, because I also know what it feels like to be the one waiting, wishing, hoping; feeling like they are up against a brick wall. That's what I felt like for years, if I'm honest. Until this time last year, when I made a plan.

In the back of my diary for 2020, there's a list I started last New Year's Eve when my diary was brand new. I set myself a New Year's resolution that I would do something with my writing, that I would do whatever was in my control to make things happen - to write, but to also seek out opportunities. I made a list of short story competitions I'd be eligible to enter. I drew a column for deadlines, a column to tick when I'd entered, and another in which I pencilled in the outcome. There were 14 awards on my list. I managed to enter 12. I was longlisted in one, shortlisted in two and won one. I did not list, or rank, or get any replies from the remaining eight. 

I guess all I'm trying to say is that it's true, when they say you just need one person to say yes. You just need one win, one foot in the door; all those cliches. It's cheesy to say it, but to anyone who does need to hear it, don't give up, not if you still have the fire in you, not if you know you would only wonder about what could have been. Maybe you're tired of it. Maybe you feel there's no point, and I understand that too; I remember how sometimes I felt like I was just punishing myself. Give it some time. Give yourself some breathing space. Then figure out if it's really what you want to do. If it is, then get to it; gently, but do it. If it isn't, then let yourself breathe a while and know that it is also okay to draw a line and enjoy the sense of relief (I feel this way with journalism, for what it's worth). I guess that's all I want to say, really. 

And thank you, for being here, following along and reading the thoughts in my head.

Be kind to yourself as we end this year.

With love,  
Huma

PS thank you, for all your support for [How We Met](https://ourstorytime.us16.list-manage.com/track/click?u=db6ea70426b56c2a9fc28f288&id=158c4daeb3&e=8b2a4ae312), and I can't wait to share the experience of it entering the world with you on launch day, January 28th, 2021.