To become part of the Universe with the light beings (any of them) you must comprehend the matrix of the Universe and our planet. Knowing some basic movement of the events throughout our history. It's like this you can advance to a 5th-dimensional being and not know anything about life in our Universe and the many planes of this planet. It would be like having a spaceship and not knowing how to fly it.

Now the short version of some of the basic movements of our greater history (reading history is painful for some please just muscle through it). It starts with the asteroid that hit our planet 66 million years ago. Lacerta the reptilian in her interview in 1999 said in their history book it was a war in the greater echelon of the upper atmosphere between a race in those planes and an alien race from somewhere else. I was told that it was a world that kills planets to steal its core by deliberately firing an asteroid at the planet. Luckily our planet is great and didn’t die. Next look at the scars of our solar system. It was in the time of the sinking of Atlantis and the land of Moo, with the Lemurians. A large convoy of negative forces (in the Universe common terms they would call negative force is “dragon world” what the humans call the parasitic worlds), with 30 to40 space ships some large enough to house the planets and their Vital places while still living breathing, came to our solar system to steal four of the smaller planets of our solar system, which we know as Mars, Venus, Earth, and the planet that is now an asteroid belt (obviously that one didn’t make it and they almost took out Mars and would have left it to be an asteroid belt, the sadness is Mars was like Earth full of life and with humans). Largely terrible battles that killed the Atlanteans and the Lemurians sunk their places. Luckily the greater leagues from Earth stop them, and this is my guess only, the legends of Zeus when they battle the titans in the Greek mythology, he and his kind saved our planet, along with Mars and Venus. Now after that, over a few thousand years passed. the dark forces (dragon worlds/parasitic worlds) slowly move into our planet. Let us move up to the 1900s; Then Hitler was brought to this planet from a Quasar field (quasar fields are the worse places in our Universe excluding a couple of real quasars) Hitler was illegally here on this planet he was from the other side of the Universe a type of deadness some distortion of a quasar field wire up to kill and to steal “only”. Which was not allowed on this side of the Universe that type of distorted soul, he is in a dormant state something like a galactic prison now doing his sentence, never to return. After Hitler, large negative forces moved (dragon worlds/parasitic worlds) in using Hitler as their excuse to move into our larger leagues. Now move up to 1996 the Earth realm was coming to life and the dragon world said right to my face rudely we don’t have time for the Earth to get better so she declared a takeover of our smaller planes of this planet which we are part of the smaller planes. They needed to begin preparing for Armageddon in 2012 for the destruction of the human race. Now in 1999, the greatest miracle happened in our Universe from this planet. The light being all purple from the larger leagues of the Universe, have billions of stars reaching out in the nebula’s, saw the mess here “decided to take out the negative forces” from our planet and the Universe, finding out it was a super large dragon world (parasitic world) with thousands of stars and many more planets. Here is the Irony, come to find out the super large dragon world, was being controlled by the Quasar field on the other side of the Universe (Zeus when they battle the titans in Greek mythology, he and his kind saved our planet, along with Mars and Venus. Now after that, over a few thousand years passed. the dark forces (dragon worlds/parasitic worlds) slowly move into our planet. Let us move up to the 1900s; Then Hitler was brought to this planet from a Quasar field (quasar fields are the worse places in our Universe excluding a couple of real quasars) Hitler was illegally here on this planet he was from the other side of the Universe a type of deadness some distortion of a quasar field wire up to kill and to steal “only”. Which was not allowed on this side of the Universe that type of distorted soul, he is in a dormant state something like a galactic prison now doing his sentence, never to return. After Hitler, large negative forces moved (dragon worlds/parasitic worlds) in using Hitler as their excuse to move into our larger leagues. Now move up to 1996 the Earth realm was coming to life and the dragon world said right to my face rudely we don’t have time for the Earth to get better so she declared a takeover of our smaller planes of this planet which we are part of the smaller planes. They needed to begin preparing for Armageddon in 2012 for the destruction of the human race. Now in 1999, the greatest miracle happened in our Universe from this planet. The light being all purple from the larger leagues of the Universe, have billions of stars reaching out in the nebula’s, saw the mess here “decided to take out the negative forces” from our planet and the Universe, finding out it was a super large dragon world (parasitic world) with thousands of stars and many more planets. Here is the Irony, come to find out the super large dragon world, was being controlled by the Quasar field on the other side of the Universe (

Now you can understand how important it is to learn what is going on around us. Knowing the greater truth changes everything. If the entire human race had this kind of information, it would change things. and would redirect the future of the human race Seeing some of the movements gives us a better idea of the greater truths and a clearer picture and making us realize that the Universe can be very ugly at times. Now you can understand why we are waking up and why we are feeling things changing. The real warriors of the light are our great massive army, the worlds that are removing the negative forces rigidly