May 1st is celebrated as Saint Germain’s Ascension Day. Every year on that sacred and holy day, Saint Germain directs his Legions of Violet Fire Archangels to bless the Earth with intensified frequencies of the Violet Flame. This is the frequency of Light from our Father-Mother God that most effectively Transmutes our human miscreations back into Light.

During the month of May we will experience some NEW and incredibly powerful frequencies of 5th\-Dimensional Crystalline Solar Light. Every influx of Light pushes the negativity that conflicts with that Light to the surface to be Healed and Transmuted back into its original perfection. In order to prevent this influx of Light from exacerbating Humanity’s challenges, Saint Germain is directing his Violet Flame Archangels to bathe the Earth and ALL her Life with the most intensified frequencies of the Violet Flame that Cosmic Law will allow throughout the entire month of May.

Embodied Lightworkers can assist with the efficacy of this Heavenly Gift of Sacred Fire by invoking the Violet Flame on a regular basis. If we will ask our I AM Presence to Consecrate our Life Force to be the Open Door for this influx of the Violet Flame on behalf of the masses of Humanity, the Elemental Kingdom and Mother Earth, it will help immensely.

2021 is numerically a 5 year, 2+0+2+1=5. This means that May 5, 2021 is the 5th day of the 5th month of a 5 year, in other words a 5-5-5 day. The Beings of Light revealed that this numerical frequency is forming a Gateway and creating the space for a NEW STARGATE into 5th\-Dimensional Frequencies of Crystalline Solar Light. **On May 5, 2021, this 5-5-5 STARGATE was be opened for the very first time.**

The 5th\-Dimensional Frequencies of Light that will bless the Earth through this Stargate will move Mother Earth and all Life evolving upon her forward in the Light in new ways. We are being told by the Company of Heaven that this assistance is being allowed by Cosmic Law, because of the overwhelming progress that has been made during the influxes of Light Awakening Humanity has Cocreated with the Company of Heaven since the Equinox on March 21st.

The influx of Divine Light that will bless the Earth through this new Stargate is designed to move Humanity into a new spectrum of possibilities. The Beings of Light said it will pave the way for powerful interdimensional changes that will move us closer to the Evolutionary Shift into Unity Consciousness that Awakening Humanity is being Called to Cocreate with the Company of Heaven this year. 

The Light flowing through this new Stargate will help us to let go of the past. Remember, there is no turning back. The more we try to hold on to the painful and obsolete miscreations from our past, the more difficult our Ascension process will be. Any resistance will only slow down our progress and create more pain and suffering for us. The end result, however, will be the same. In the end, we will all be abiding on the New Earth in our 5th-Dimensional Crystalline Solar Light Bodies. Then we will experience the wonders of the patterns of perfection on the New Earth that we have Cocreated as well as our New Planetary CAUSE of Comprehensive Divine Love and Unity Consciousness. 

Another wonderful thing that occurs during the Month of May is that our **Beloved Mother Mary opens the doors to her Temple of the Immaculate Heart** in the Inner Planes and invites all of us to visit her in our finer bodies while we sleep at night. All we have to do is ask our I AM Presence to take us to Mother Mary’s Temple of the Immaculate Heart when we go to sleep and it will be done. We can also ask our I AM Presence to help us bring back the conscious memory of our experience with Mother Mary when we wake up in the morning.

Mother Mary’s greatest responsibility is holding the Immaculate Concept for each and every one of us. Our Immaculate Concept is the Divine Blueprint pulsating within the Permanent Seed Atom of our Immaculate Heart Flame. This Divine Blueprint reflects our full Divine Potential which is encoded within our newly activated Twelve 5th\-Dimensional Crystalline Solar Strands of DNA. At this time, Mother Mary is working with our newly integrated I AM Presence to help us bring the Sacred Knowledge of our full Divine Potential to the surface of our conscious mind.

Another event that greatly adds to the Light of the World during the Mystical Month of May is the **Celebration of Mother’s Day**, which takes place in several countries. Mother’s Day in the USA and Canada will be May 9th this year. In Mexico Mother’s Day is always on May 10th. In 2021, on every Mother’s Day celebrated throughout the World, our Mother God and all of the Feminine Aspects of Deity will flood the Earth with higher frequencies of our Mother God’s Comprehensive Divine Love than we have ever known.

This will greatly assist Awakening Humanity in the process of Cocreating the Quantum Field of Comprehensive Divine Love that is necessary in order to manifest the Evolutionary Shift of Consciousness that will permanently sustain the Presence of Unity Consciousness for Humanity and ALL Life evolving on this sweet Earth. That Global event will take place during the 35th Annual World Congress on Illumination in August of this year.

On **May 23rd** this year, billions of people will celebrate **Pentecost.** Through that Collective Cup of Humanity’s Consciousness our Mother God, the Holy Spirit, will Breathe Her Holy Breath into every person’s Heart Flame and bless Humanity and all Life on Earth with a Baptism by Sacred Fire.

On **May 26th**, we will experience the third of the Three Full Moon Festivals of Spring. The First Full Moon Festival is the Passover Full Moon which is the first Full Moon following the March Equinox. It always takes place during the Sun Cycle of Aries and ushers in the celebrations of Passover and Easter. The Second Full Moon Festival takes place during the Full Moon in the Sun Cycle of Taurus. This is known as the Wesak Festival and is the annual celebration of the Enlightenment of the Buddha.

The **Third Full Moon Festival of Spring** is celebrated during the Full Moon that occurs in the Sun Cycle of Gemini which this year is May 26th.This Festival is known as **_The Goodwill Festival of Humanity_**. During this Full Moon, the Divine Love of Christ from the First Full Moon and the Divine Enlightenment of Buddha from the Second Full Moon, are intensified and greatly expanded through the Mental and Emotional Strata of Earth. 

This influx of Light enhances Humanity’s ability to unify our Hearts and Minds with the Divine Heart and Mind of our Father-Mother God. This year The Good Will Festival of Humanity will take place during a very powerful **Full Moon Lunar Eclipse on May 26th**. The synchronicity of these two powerful events will provide an amazing opportunity for Humanity to move forward in the Light and to seal the full Divine Momentum of ALL of the Blessings we will receive during the Mystical Month of May.

Please do not let these opportunities pass you by. Listen to your Heart. Invoke the Light of God and focus on the patterns of perfection YOU want to Cocreate with our Father-Mother God.

When you are in a state of Listening Grace, feel the Gratitude pouring forth from our Father-Mother God and the Company of Heaven in appreciation of your willingness to add to the Light of the World. You are Blessed beyond your knowing!

#consciousness 