---
kindle-sync:
  bookId: '52787'
  title: >-
    Show Your Work!: 10 Ways to Share Your Creativity and Get Discovered (Austin
    Kleon)
  author: Austin Kleon
  asin: B00GU2RGGI
  lastAnnotatedDate: '2022-05-25'
  bookImageUrl: 'https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71MTgEEjNVL._SY160.jpg'
  highlightsCount: 11
---
# Show Your Work!
## Metadata
* Author: [Austin Kleon](https://www.amazon.com/Austin-Kleon/e/B002HDCKJ2/ref=dp_byline_cont_ebooks_1)
* ASIN: B00GU2RGGI
* Reference: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00GU2RGGI
* [Kindle link](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B00GU2RGGI)

## Highlights
good work isn’t created in a vacuum, and that creativity is always, in some sense, a collaboration, the result of a mind connected to other minds. — location: [57](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B00GU2RGGI&location=57) ^ref-52371

---
It sounds a little extreme, but in this day and age, if your work isn’t online, it doesn’t exist. — location: [119](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B00GU2RGGI&location=119) ^ref-48163

---
If you want people to know about what you do and the things you care about, you have to share. — location: [120](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B00GU2RGGI&location=120) ^ref-60146

---
Once a day, after you’ve done your day’s work, go back to your documentation and find one little piece of your process that you can share. Where you are in your process will determine what that piece is. If you’re in the very early stages, share your influences and what’s inspiring you. If you’re in the middle of executing a project, write about your methods or share works in progress. If you’ve just completed a project, show the final product, share scraps from the cutting-room floor, or write about what you learned. If you have lots of projects out into the world, you can report on how they’re doing—you can tell stories about how people are interacting with your work. — location: [211](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B00GU2RGGI&location=211) ^ref-57152

---
A daily dispatch is even better than a résumé or a portfolio, because it shows what we’re working on right now. — location: [217](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B00GU2RGGI&location=217) ^ref-16704

---
A good daily dispatch is like getting all the DVD extras before a movie comes out—you get to watch deleted scenes and listen to director’s commentary while the movie is being made. — location: [219](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B00GU2RGGI&location=219) ^ref-7530

---
Your daily dispatch can be anything you want—a blog post, an email, a tweet, a YouTube video, or some other little bit of media. There’s no one-size-fits-all plan for everybody. — location: [221](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B00GU2RGGI&location=221) ^ref-34100

---
“What are you working on?” Stick to that question and you’ll be good. Don’t show your lunch or your latte; show your work. — location: [233](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B00GU2RGGI&location=233) ^ref-9313

---
“Stock and flow” is an economic concept that writer Robin Sloan has adapted into a metaphor for media: “Flow is the feed. It’s the posts and the tweets. It’s the stream of daily and sub-daily updates that remind people you exist. Stock is the durable stuff. It’s the content you produce that’s as interesting in two months (or two years) as it is today. It’s what people discover via search. It’s what spreads slowly but surely, building fans over time.” Sloan says the magic formula is to maintain your flow while working on your stock in the background. — location: [267](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B00GU2RGGI&location=267) ^ref-39035

---
“The problem with hoarding is you end up living off your reserves. Eventually, you’ll become stale. If you give away everything you have, you are left with nothing. This forces you to look, to be aware, to replenish. . . . Somehow the more you give away, the more comes back to you.” —Paul Arden — location: [306](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B00GU2RGGI&location=306) ^ref-7837

---
“All of us who do creative work, we get into it because we have good taste,” says public radio personality Ira Glass. “But there is this gap. For the first couple years you make stuff, it’s just not that good. It’s trying to be good, it has potential, but it’s not. But your taste, the thing that got you into the game, is still killer.” Before we’re ready to take the leap of sharing our own work with the world, we can share our tastes in the work of others. — location: [323](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B00GU2RGGI&location=323) ^ref-8547

---
