---
kindle-sync:
  bookId: '8426'
  title: >-
    Spirit Hacking: Shamanic keys to reclaim your personal power, transform
    yourself and light up the world
  author: Shaman Durek
  asin: B07R7QR429
  lastAnnotatedDate: '2021-06-26'
  bookImageUrl: 'https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/71lylvYWPbL._SY160.jpg'
  highlightsCount: 20
---
# Spirit Hacking
## Metadata
* Author: [Shaman Durek](https://www.amazon.com/Shaman-Durek/e/B07R3XSG3X/ref=dp_byline_cont_ebooks_1)
* ASIN: B07R7QR429
* ISBN: 1250217105
* Reference: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B07R7QR429
* [Kindle link](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429)

## Highlights
This Blackout is the all-inclusive, superdeluxe variety, because this Blackout is affecting every single being on the planet. — location: [485](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=485) ^ref-8364

---
We have to understand that everything we are experiencing in our here-and-now reality is a manifestation of the energies we are holding on to inside ourselves, and that anything we are uncomfortable or displeased with in the world is a reflection of something we are uncomfortable or displeased with in ourselves. — location: [502](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=502) ^ref-7780

---
The Blackout is creating a magnetic energy stream that is pulling everything we’ve been shoving under our rugs to the surface for us to examine, so we can put it back into balance. — location: [507](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=507) ^ref-6564

---
we all know that something’s got to give. The consciousness of this knowledge is the Blackout. — location: [513](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=513) ^ref-1160

---
If we want the species to endure, we cannot continue to let our egos drive progress. — location: [525](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=525) ^ref-54735

---
we must make sure that our every action honors the life code and improves the quality of life for all people and all beings, as well as for the planet itself. — location: [526](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=526) ^ref-15193

---
Human beings experience the darkness it generates like a void, or a black hole. When a being’s consciousness gets sucked into that black hole, it synchronizes with the frequencies of the darkness. These frequencies affect our entire reality through our thoughts, words, and actions, which are manipulated by the darkness to generate more darkness. — location: [553](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=553) ^ref-12839

---
The matrix programs us to believe we are free, while generating a distortion frequency within our energy patterns that actually blocks us from taking conscious action to exert our free will. It does this by planting a belief into our collective psyche that we must follow the rules of the matrix if we are to survive. — location: [559](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=559) ^ref-34229

---
the standard-issue life dream formula — location: [564](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=564) ^ref-51733

---
The matrix gets you to follow these rules by programming your consciousness to believe that if you don’t, then something bad is going to happen. — location: [568](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=568) ^ref-41548

---
we did not incarnate on this planet just to survive. We came here to create joy, and love, and magic. — location: [582](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=582) ^ref-764

---
infinite, everywhere-at-once, all-knowing, all-loving, all-powerful, creative energy source. — location: [585](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=585) ^ref-20764

---
Human beings are creation. Creation is our very essence. Our entire purpose here on planet Earth is to create. It is to lift and to shift, and to thrive, while living the lives of our dreams, and creating a better world for our brothers and sisters, and all beings. — location: [590](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=590) ^ref-62428

---
The matrix goes to great lengths to keep us disconnected from ourselves and from others, as well as from nature. — location: [605](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=605) ^ref-43116

---
Duality is a culturally indoctrinated lens of perception. — location: [620](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=620) ^ref-11221

---
the beings and the circumstances that are creating pain and resistance in our lives are gifts from Spirit that are supporting our growth. — location: [621](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=621) ^ref-19245

---
Darkness is just an energy frequency that needs love to return it to the light. — location: [623](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=623) ^ref-26693

---
The purpose of duality isn’t about choosing sides; it’s about transcending the illusion of sides altogether, and learning to embrace the whole. — location: [627](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=627) ^ref-60314

---
Our purpose here on Earth is to bring these fragmented aspects of duality—our fragmented aspects of duality—back into wholeness. — location: [633](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=633) ^ref-53419

---
Religion is a tool the matrix uses to make us fear God, and to follow more rules, and to keep us from knowing our true divinity, and from knowing ourselves as quantum creators in an unconditionally loving universe. — location: [646](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B07R7QR429&location=646) ^ref-51517

---
