---
kindle-sync:
  bookId: '15228'
  title: 'The Great Work: Our Way into the Future'
  author: Thomas Berry
  asin: B003E8AJXS
  lastAnnotatedDate: '2021-04-08'
  bookImageUrl: 'https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/51bSYocjWXL._SY160.jpg'
  highlightsCount: 7
---
# The Great Work
## Metadata
* Author: [Thomas Berry](https://www.amazon.com/Thomas-Berry/e/B000APY146/ref=dp_byline_cont_ebooks_1)
* ASIN: B003E8AJXS
* ISBN: 0609804995
* Reference: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B003E8AJXS
* [Kindle link](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B003E8AJXS)

## Highlights
Our educational institutions need to see their purpose not as training personnel for exploiting the Earth but as guiding students toward an intimate relationship with the Earth. — location: [105](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B003E8AJXS&location=105) ^ref-22087

---
That future can exist only when we understand the universe as composed of subjects to be communed with, not as objects to be exploited. — location: [112](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B003E8AJXS&location=112) ^ref-4091

---
The Great Work now, as we move into a new millennium, is to carry out the transition from a period of human devastation of the Earth to a period when humans would be present to the planet in a mutually beneficial manner. — location: [152](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B003E8AJXS&location=152) ^ref-21589

---
The Great Work before us, the task of moving modern industrial civilization from its present devastating influence on the Earth to a more benign mode of presence, is not a role that we have chosen. It is a role given to us, beyond any consultation with ourselves. We did not choose. We were chosen by some power beyond ourselves for this historical task. — location: [220](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B003E8AJXS&location=220) ^ref-40461

---
We might observe here that the Great Work of a people is the work of all the people. No one is exempt. Each of us has our individual life pattern and responsibilities. Yet beyond these concerns each person in and through their personal work assists in the Great Work. Personal work needs to be aligned with the Great Work. — location: [275](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B003E8AJXS&location=275) ^ref-23245

---
what is real and worthwhile in life. — location: [294](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B003E8AJXS&location=294) ^ref-57638

---
It seems to me many people had such experiences before we entered into an industrial way of life. — location: [309](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B003E8AJXS&location=309) ^ref-39577

---
