# The Body of 9: Decode Your Natural Physiology and Discover Your True Self

* Author: [[Susan Bennett Fisher and Martin Fisher]]
* ASIN: [[B08LLG9L8C]]
* Reference: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B08LLG9L8C
* [Kindle link](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B08LLG9L8C)


  - > Natural Number 4 (NN4) Being our authentic selves starts with knowing who we are at the deepest possible level – this is found deep inside our being. Once that true self is known, authenticity comes from calling forth that deepest self into alignment, to be ready for connection. Trusting the wisdom contained in our bodies, from our emotions, we bring our being into authentic alignment.   Natural Number 4 Physiology Body Structure     The activation center for Natural Number 4 (NN4) is located in the lower abdominals, known as the transverse abdominus. These muscles are used to balance and move the body of NN4.   Posture of Activation       People with NN4 focus deep inside, relaxing into the muscles of the lower abdominals, bringing the lower abdomen slightly forward. Closing their eyes, they relax the muscles at the back of the neck. The breath is part of the activation; with each inhale, they breathe in the world; with each exhale, they drop even deeper inside. Once connected to their internal, timeless selves, they can expand their energetic bubble outward to include others. The breath can also be used to send the energy of acceptance to another person through the lower abdomen. In the deep space, as time slows, a sense of ease and connection descends on a person or a community included in the connection. Facial Structure and Expression of Activation In the facial structure of NN4s, the muscles around the mouth and jaw are soft and relaxed – there is no tone held in these muscles. The mouth is relatively straight, with the lip corners typically set just slightly below the centerline of the mouth. This does not give the appearance of a frown, but of relaxed calm.       They often hold the lower abdomen tilted forward, with the muscles of the bottom third of the rectus abdominus holding tone naturally and easily. When moving, they lead from this center, creating easy lower body movement.   Eye Quality   The eyes of NN4s have a deep, inviting quality, and may appear watery, though not tearful. NN4s blink more frequently than other Natural Numbers; when they blink, they are not simply passing fluid across their eyes, but are taking a moment to drop inside. The deeper they go, the longer they hold their eyes closed, the more time it takes them to resurface into the present moment outside of their being.   They describe this experience of being deep inside as feeling profoundly present with themselves and anyone included in the connection. The NN4s’ sense of presence is about resonance with our cosmic being – our whole, deep, and most powerful self – in both the instant of connection and the continuum of our existence. Muscular Tone Most people who embody NN4 have fairly relaxed muscular tone in their bodies. There is an internal passion that can drive tone into the body when performing physically, but in general, the muscles in the body are relaxed, allowing the head to drop forward. When looked at from the side, with the head down and abdomen… (location: 1898)


#highlight