---
kindle-sync:
  bookId: '39423'
  title: 'Untamed: Stop Pleasing, Start Living: THE NO.1 SUNDAY TIMES BESTSELLER'
  author: Glennon Doyle
  asin: B082K7QXRQ
  lastAnnotatedDate: '2020-05-13'
  bookImageUrl: 'https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81Lg7ZUMi6S._SY160.jpg'
  highlightsCount: 13
---
# Untamed
## Metadata
* Author: [Glennon Doyle](https://www.amazon.com/Glennon-Doyle/e/B073C6SQY1/ref=dp_byline_cont_ebooks_1)
* ASIN: B082K7QXRQ
* ISBN: 1984801252
* Reference: https://www.amazon.com/dp/B082K7QXRQ
* [Kindle link](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B082K7QXRQ)

## Highlights
George Saunders sits quietly at the end of the table. He seems gentle and kind and I’d like to sit next to him, but he is a man and I don’t know how to talk to men. — location: [597](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B082K7QXRQ&location=597) ^ref-40942

---
the field in which I began to remember my wild. — location: [677](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B082K7QXRQ&location=677) ^ref-34747

---
I’ll keep myself and my people safe by keeping my insides hidden. — location: [684](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B082K7QXRQ&location=684) ^ref-63316

---
When I was a child, I felt what I needed to feel and I followed my gut and I planned only from my imagination. I was wild until I was tamed by shame. Until I started hiding and numbing my feelings for fear of being too much. Until I started deferring to others’ advice instead of trusting my own intuition. Until I became convinced that my imagination was ridiculous and my desires were selfish. Until I surrendered myself to the cages of others’ expectations, cultural mandates, and institutional allegiances. Until I buried who I was in order to become what I should be. I lost myself when I learned how to please. — location: [693](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B082K7QXRQ&location=693) ^ref-44678

---
There is no glory except straight through your story. — location: [746](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B082K7QXRQ&location=746) ^ref-19776

It’s all about the story.

---
in every family, culture, or religion, ideas of right and wrong are the hot cattle prods, the barking sheepdogs that keep the masses in the herd. They are the bars that keep us caged. — location: [774](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B082K7QXRQ&location=774) ^ref-5309

---
if I kept doing the “right” thing, I would spend my life following someone else’s directions instead of my own. — location: [776](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B082K7QXRQ&location=776) ^ref-18839

---
Why do we worry about what to call the Knowing, instead of sharing with each other how to call the Knowing? I know many people who have found this level inside them and live solely by it. Some call the Knowing God or wisdom or intuition or source or deepest self. I have a friend with some serious God issues, and she calls it Sebastian. A God by any other name is an equal miracle and relief. It doesn’t matter what we call our Knowing. What matters—if we want to live our singular shooting star of a life—is that we call it. — location: [819](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B082K7QXRQ&location=819) ^ref-41286

---
how To Know: Moment of uncertainty arises. Breathe, turn inward, sink. Feel around for the Knowing. Do the next thing it nudges you toward. Let it stand. (Don’t explain.) Repeat forever. — location: [840](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B082K7QXRQ&location=840) ^ref-728

---
There is a life meant for you that is truer than the one you’re living. But in order to have it, you will have to forge it yourself. You will have to create on the outside what you are imagining on the inside. Only you can bring it forth. And it will cost you everything. — location: [859](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B082K7QXRQ&location=859) ^ref-61558

---
Each of us was born to bring forth something that has never existed: a way of being, a family, an idea, art, a community— something brand-new. We are here to fully introduce ourselves, to impose ourselves and ideas and thoughts and dreams onto the world, leaving it changed forever by who we are and what we bring forth from our depths. So we cannot contort ourselves to fit into the visible order. We must unleash ourselves and watch the world reorder itself in front of our eyes. — location: [888](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B082K7QXRQ&location=888) ^ref-26113

---
There is no greater burden on a child than the unlived life of a parent. — location: [1493](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B082K7QXRQ&location=1493) ^ref-16583

---
What if love is not the process of disappearing for the beloved but of emerging for the beloved? What if a mother’s responsibility is teaching her children that love does not lock the lover away but frees her? What if a responsible mother is not one who shows her children how to slowly die but how to stay wildly alive until the day she dies? What if the call of motherhood is not to be a martyr but to be a model? — location: [1494](kindle://book?action=open&asin=B082K7QXRQ&location=1494) ^ref-12402

---
