2020 was a year for letting go and breathing deeply into life, and 2021 looks set to continue this theme in earnest as you find new ways of living and being that both enrich and enliven you. For a while now you have been moving through life by ‘the seat of your pants’, taking each day as it comes and riding the ebb and flow with courage and conviction. Of course, in truth, there is no other way to live as no one can know what lies around the next corner so grabbing hold of life and living it well allows you to follow your own lead and go ‘off road’ in order to evolve, flourish and thrive. Yet, despite this sense of carefree abandon, there is still a part of you longing for the instruction manual of life to appear and show you the way forward as you so want to get life ‘right’ and find out how to live the best life possible.

Even though you intuitively know that there is no such thing as getting life ‘right’, as life, by its very nature, is fluid, changing and shifting, and no two people are the same, so ‘right’ is more about how you feel, not about what you do. So, the time has come for you to start connecting more deeply to your phenomenal intuition in order to feel your way forwards and to let go of the desire to get life ‘right’ and to instead focus on living your life well and on immersing yourself in the magic and wonder of your plethora of talents and gifts. This is your life, so don’t forget to do what feels right for you. Admittedly, it’s not easy to follow your own lead, but believe in yourself and know that you absolutely have what it takes to shine brightly…